TErminal exercises
Part I

make a directory called first - (upon opening command line) cd mnt -> cd c -> mkdir first

change directory to the first folder - cd first

create a file called person.txt - touch person.txt

change the name of person.txt to another.txt - mv person.txt another.txt

make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt - cp person.txt copy.txt

remove the copy.txt file - rm copy.txt

make a copy of the first folder and call it second - cp -r first second**

delete the second folder - rm -rf second

Part II

What does the man command do? Gives you a manual for the command requested after ward. ex. - man ls would explain what ls can do. 
 
Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out? Home, End, page up, page Down, arrow keys for scrolling, and 'q' key to get out. 

Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?
-a means list all -l means list all with more info

How do you jump between words in the terminal? control+ left and right arrows

How do you get to the end of a line in terminal? control e

How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal? Control a

How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal? Place cursor at the end of the word -> control w

What is the difference between a terminal and shell? The terminal is a CLI - Command Line Interface for the shell. 

The shell a program that processes commands and returns outputs. Most Shells manage foreground and back ground processes, command history and command line editing. 

What is an absolute path? Absolute paths - Starts from the root location 

What is an relative path? Relative Paths - Relative path from the current location

What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used. A flag gives more options to the commands that we use in the CLI. We've used many flags like -r -l -a.

What do the r and f flags do with the rm command? -f is Force. -f is used to ignore nonexistant files and arguments, the manual says never prompt? -r means recursive. This can be used to remove directories. 